today in the world to discover us
we enter three charming towns
from the province of castellón
we know the red people of vilafamés and
their lit castle on high
we walk through the medieval village of cuy
to a place that is still
discover and finally we get to ares
del maestrat a village that is
in an impressive place
adventures around the world the world by
discover that you are going to lose
we started our adventure for the
unknown villages and with a lot of charm
from the province of castellón our
first stop vilafamés a town of
Red color
we can see that as we go
advancing and we are going up for the
people begin to return this color
red and it appears in a lot of
rocks like all this we have here
and they complement totally ecological
and the reality is that the views that
can have most of the
of castellón's policy like that
we are now the infamous are very good
Y
two
and it seems that we are already reaching
castle we have it up there
without a doubt the castle of vilafamés
It is the most beautiful thing that this town has
to offer us you can not miss it
go climbing upstairs and the opposite
despite only just staying a few
walls of vilafamés castle
It is worth visiting for the
curiosity of the reddish color of the stone
that this possible
we are in the church of
villafamés and if we arrived in this town
well he deserves a visit
Y
and certainly the mix between the houses
white and the use of stone
reddish creates precious prints in the
Village of Villazón is
i
to
and today we visit -whose medieval town
that is yet to be discovered
a walk that already moves us to its
magical and splendid medieval past
although also quite unknown to
most travelers
the views offered by the town of Culla
from any viewpoint the truth is that
They are impressive
this town is full of corners
splendid in which to stand and
perform bars
you can ask for a better view of everything
the natural surrounding
today we know a village of maestrazgo
beautiful and really in an enclave
incredible this you see here ares del
maestrat is really worth it and
we started
as we can see mainly this is
a town of white houses
as we can see in this town is
normal that in the streets on one side there
rock and the other there village
but without a doubt one of the best
things of this place are your tourism
and if we come here until birds we can not
lose ourselves climbing up practically to
the area of ​​the rock after skirting
all the rock although rope when returning from
ares we climb by a theoretical stairs
and to begin the views are nothing
nothing bad
if what you were waiting for is already
here we have before our feet the
town of year